README.md, before:

Pokemon X/Y/OR/AS Cloning NTR Plugin
==============

This is an NTR CFW cheat plugin for Pokemon Omega Ruby, Alpha Sapphire, and now X and Y.  Currently, it includes these cheats:
=======
Pokemon OR/AS Cloning NTR Plugin
==============

This is an NTR CFW cheat plugin for Pokemon Omega Ruby / Alpha Sapphire.  Currently, it includes these cheats:

### One-time run codes (no toggle) ###
- Clone Pokemon from Box 1 Slot 1 to:
    + Box 1 Slot 2
    + Slots 2 thru 12
    + Slots 2 thru 30 (fill the entire box)
- Box 1 Slot 1 modifiers:
    + Make Pokemon shiny
    + Rename Egg with its Shiny Value (ESV).  Renamed eggs *should* be tradeable online, since I've been able to trade custom-named eggs to people.
    + Change name of Pokemon to the OT's Secret ID (SID).  This can be used to calculate someone's Trainer Shiny Value (TSV).
        + Go here to calculate someone's TSV using their TID and SID: http://tomatoland.org/dada/pkmn/sv/
        + Also, do NOT use this on a Pokemon if you don't have clones of it!
    + Change name of Pokemon to its Encryption Constant.  This isn't that useful, but it lets you check a cloned Pokemon's encryption key without having to use a save editor like PKHeX.
        + Again, be careful when using code like this!  Make sure you clone the Pokemon before you use this code on it!

### Toggle codes ###
- Encounter modifiers:
    + Make the encounter shiny (finally working!)

Currently, that's the only toggle code that I put into this plugin.  More coming soon?

This plugin works with online play, too!  Now you can clone Pokemon and Wonder Trade without exiting the game!  Special thanks to Nanquitas for making the online compatibility possible?

NOTE: I'm not exactly sure that all the codes will work for X/Y, since I just updated it for X/Y support.  (Crossing my fingers!)

=======

## Credits ##

Original ACNL Cheat plugin by Nanquitas:  https://github.com/Nanquitas/ACNL-NTR-Cheats

Uses code from PokemonCheatPlugin by @hartmannaf (not all of it is implemented yet):  https://github.com/hartmannaf/PokemonCheatPlugin

Commit message:

Add even more cloning codes
Now you can copy everything in Box 1 to Box 2 or vice versa.  Yay!
Also, I *might* implement the randomizer and other encounter codes later
on.

README.md, after:

Pokemon OR/AS Cloning NTR Plugin
==============

This is an NTR CFW cheat plugin for Pokemon Omega Ruby / Alpha Sapphire.  Currently, it includes these cheats:

### One-time run codes (no toggle) ###
- Clone Pokemon from Box 1 Slot 1 to:
    + Box 1 Slot 2
    + Slots 2 thru 12
    + Slots 2 thru 30 (fill the entire box)
- Box 1 Slot 1 modifiers:
    + Make Pokemon shiny
    + Rename Egg with its Shiny Value (ESV).  Renamed eggs *should* be tradeable online, since I've been able to trade custom-named eggs to people.
    + Change name of Pokemon to the OT's Secret ID (SID).  This can be used to calculate someone's Trainer Shiny Value (TSV).
        + Go here to calculate someone's TSV using their TID and SID: http://tomatoland.org/dada/pkmn/sv/
        + Also, do NOT use this on a Pokemon if you don't have clones of it!
    + Change name of Pokemon to its Encryption Constant.  This isn't that useful, but it lets you check a cloned Pokemon's encryption key without having to use a save editor like PKHeX.
        + Again, be careful when using code like this!  Make sure you clone the Pokemon before you use this code on it!

### Toggle codes ###
- Encounter modifiers:
    + Make the encounter shiny (finally working!)

Currently, that's the only toggle code that I put into this plugin.  More coming soon?

This plugin works with online play, too!  Now you can clone Pokemon and Wonder Trade without exiting the game!  Special thanks to Nanquitas for making the online compatibility possible?

NOTE: I'm not exactly sure that all the codes will work for X/Y, since I just updated it for X/Y support.  (Crossing my fingers!)

=======

## Credits ##

Original ACNL Cheat plugin by Nanquitas:  https://github.com/Nanquitas/ACNL-NTR-Cheats

Uses code from PokemonCheatPlugin by hartmannaf (not all of it is implemented yet):  https://github.com/hartmannaf/PokemonCheatPlugin

The other encounter modifier codes MIGHT be implemented some time in the near future, so keep an eye out for it!
